Have mixed feeling about this course.
Pros:
1. Usage of BSL allows to focus on learning how to design.
2. has very good formalization of defining a function. Common template (Signature, Purpose, Stub, tests/examples, template, coding and testing)
    also enforces TDD.
3. focuses on difference between information and data as its representation.
4. templates allows to simplify development of more complex logic by restricting you.
5. World program allows to create moderately complex animations with simplicity.
6. Interesting way to see recursion in collections and self-referenced data.

However, cons:
1. Using BSL is not very practical as it is not actively used in industry. Also, the course focuses more on design than
    on language. However, you still need to know language's API to write functions, so you need to invest your time to learn it.
2. Some bad or outdated practices which should be avoided (and it is crucial for design course). For example,
    2.1. Using too short names which are not descriptive (for instance, object Player with fn (first name) and
        ls (last name) fields) and describing them in the comment near data definition instead of making descriptive names right away.
    2.2. When testing a function, using expressions from the function itself to generate expected result. As tests are also
        examples, it seems right, however, it does not show what we are actually expecting. Sometimes generation of expected
        used the tested function itself which I just cannot comment.
    2.3. The same generation of expected for rendering is even worse as you do not see from tests what image is generated.
        It backfired to the course creators themselves because in a problem with rendering binary search tree (module 6) with lines
        they forgot to remove lines if there are no child nodes anymore. But the tests passed ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
3. Contradictory introduction to efficiency. Binary Search Trees was introduced to allow more efficient search of items
    in a collection. That's good. However, the course sticks to templates and allows more recursive calls than necessary
    when writing recursive calls. For instance, the same rendering of Binary Search Trees calls itself 4(!) times instead
    of two (two more just to calculate width of generated left/right subtree image).

Cannot recommend course for experience developers as there is nothing new or useful (till the module 4a (self-reference)
at most). However, for complete beginners there are some insights.